everybody I'm just gonna do a quick
video on the inclusion style
applications you get standard when you
first get the hood CC censorship so
we're going to go to reg we've got
almost going on through this one by one
you get the head the HTC do her dog
breeder Galvis it the standard
calculator calendar call history you get
the camcorder camera clock and connected
media and you get the nice little down
with dice you get a doc mud so sounds
like the movie selling a duck for this
soon downloads facebook flash lite FM
radio french stream and gallery you also
get us a gmail google search HTC huh
Bunheads Cece likes OCS and internet
browser latitude locations and mail you
get google maps the market messages and
the mirror got to get the music
application get a google navigation get
the news and you also get the news and
weather so you get office two of us you
get HTC peep which is HTC's variation of
let's work lame people for places you
also get Polaris Office on this one as
well just like on the galaxy s2 quick
look up look up even reader and settings
you're still get and I set up and
something that's called show me
soundhound and stocks get google talk a
task manager Lee calls built in the
phone you get tita which comes on pretty
much every HTC phone I've ever ever had
transfer the standards where application
you get voice recorded voice search and
the new HTC watch and you also get
whether Wi-Fi hotspots and obviously you
get youtube as well that's just a quick
look at the actual installed
applications and what I'll do is I'll
show the up the task manager a liquid
clay so as you can see it's basically
just shows you what's currently running
what's free so at the moment I'm on the
ring the I've only got a top three
hundred and fifty four megabytes
and i'm only running the camera the
moment so i'm going to be doing some
testing tracker obviously crash the
phone like it of the galaxy s2 so i'm
leaving this rare for that and keep
watching i'm going to be doing quite a
few different videos on this phone any
questions you up on twitter at samjho
pollen and i shall see you in next year
cheers